DOCKER_USAGE.md, before:

# Docker Task Runner Usage Guide

## Overview

The MCP Arena Docker setup provides a simple way to run evaluation tasks in isolated containers. PostgreSQL is automatically handled when needed.

## Quick Start

### 1. Docker Image

The official Docker image is automatically pulled from Docker Hub on first use.
The image is hosted at: https://hub.docker.com/r/evalsysorg/mcpmark

**Image Management:**
- The scripts automatically download the image when it's not found locally
- To manually update to the latest version:
  ```bash
  docker pull evalsysorg/mcpmark:latest
  ```
- For local development/testing, you can build your own:
  ```bash
  ./build-docker.sh  # Creates evalsysorg/mcpmark:latest locally
  ```

### 2. Running Full Benchmarks

Use the `run-benchmark.sh` script to evaluate models across all MCP services:

```bash
# Run all services with Docker (recommended)
./run-benchmark.sh --models o3,gpt-4.1 --exp-name benchmark-1 --docker

# Run specific services
./run-benchmark.sh --models o3 --exp-name test-1 --mcps filesystem,postgres --docker

# Run with parallel execution for faster results
./run-benchmark.sh --models claude-4 --exp-name parallel-test --docker --parallel

# Run locally without Docker
./run-benchmark.sh --models gpt-4o --exp-name local-bench --mcps notion,github
```

The benchmark script:
- Runs all or selected MCP services automatically
- Provides colored progress tracking and timing
- Generates summary reports and logs
- Supports parallel service execution
- Continues running even if some services fail
- Automatically generates performance dashboards

### 3. Running Individual Services

The `run-task.sh` script simplifies Docker usage:

```bash
# Run filesystem tasks (by default)
./run-task.sh --models gpt-5.1-mini

# Run notion tasks with specific folder
./run-task.sh --mcp notion --models o3 --exp-name online_resume

# Run postgres tasks (automatically starts postgres)
./run-task.sh --mcp postgres --models gpt-4.1 --exp-name employees

# Run specific GitHub task
./run-task.sh --mcp github --models claude-4 --exp-name gh-test --tasks harmony/fix_conflict

# The script passes all arguments to the pipeline
./run-task.sh --mcp playwright --models o3 --exp-name web-test --tasks web_search --timeout 600
```

### Manual Docker Commands

If you prefer manual control:

#### For Non-Postgres Services
```bash
# Build the image first
./build-docker.sh

# Run a task
docker run --rm \
  -v $(pwd)/results:/app/results \
  -v $(pwd)/.mcp_env:/app/.mcp_env:ro \
  -v $(pwd)/notion_state.json:/app/notion_state.json:ro \
  mcp-arena:latest \
  python3 -m pipeline --mcp notion --models o3 --exp-name test --tasks all
```

#### For Postgres Service
```bash
# The run-task.sh script handles postgres automatically, but if doing manually:

# Start postgres container
docker run -d \
  --name mcp-postgres \
  --network mcp-network \
  -e POSTGRES_DATABASE=postgres \
  -e POSTGRES_USER=postgres \
  -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=123456 \
  ghcr.io/cloudnative-pg/postgresql:17-bookworm

# Run postgres task
docker run --rm \
  --network mcp-network \
  -e POSTGRES_HOST=mcp-postgres \
  -v $(pwd)/results:/app/results \
  -v $(pwd)/.mcp_env:/app/.mcp_env:ro \
  mcp-arena:latest \
  python3 -m pipeline --mcp postgres --models o3 --exp-name pg-test --tasks all

# Stop and remove postgres when done
docker stop mcp-postgres && docker rm mcp-postgres
```

## Available Services

| Service | Requires Postgres | Description |
|---------|------------------|-------------|
| notion | No | Notion workspace tasks |
| github | No | GitHub repository tasks |
| filesystem | No | File system operations |
| playwright | No | Web automation tasks |
| postgres | Yes | PostgreSQL database tasks |

## Script Usage

### Benchmark Runner (`run-benchmark.sh`)

```
./run-benchmark.sh --models MODELS --exp-name NAME [OPTIONS]

Required Options:
    --models MODELS      Comma-separated list of models to evaluate
    --exp-name NAME     Experiment name for organizing results

Optional Options:
    --docker            Run tasks in Docker containers (recommended)
    --mcps SERVICES Comma-separated list of services to test
                        Default: filesystem,notion,github,postgres,playwright
    --parallel          Run services in parallel (experimental)
    --timeout SECONDS   Timeout per task in seconds (default: 300)
```

### Individual Task Runner (`run-task.sh`)

```
./run-task.sh [--mcp SERVICE] [PIPELINE_ARGS]

Options:
    --mcp SERVICE    MCP service (notion|github|filesystem|playwright|postgres)
                        Default: notion

All other arguments are passed directly to the pipeline command.

Pipeline arguments (see python3 -m pipeline --help):
    --models MODELS     Comma-separated list of models (required)
    --tasks TASKS       Tasks to run: "all", category, or "category/task"
    --exp-name NAME     Experiment name for results (required)
    --timeout SECONDS   Timeout per task in seconds
```

## Benefits

1. **Efficiency**: Only starts necessary containers
2. **Isolation**: Each task runs in a fresh container
3. **Resource Management**: Automatic cleanup of containers and networks
4. **Smart Dependencies**: PostgreSQL only starts for postgres service
5. **Parallel Support**: Can run multiple services simultaneously for faster benchmarks
6. **Comprehensive Testing**: Benchmark script runs all services with one command
7. **Progress Tracking**: Colored output with timing and status information
8. **Automatic Reporting**: Generates summary reports and performance dashboards

## Troubleshooting

### Permission Issues
```bash
chmod +x run-task.sh
```

### Docker Build Issues
```bash
# Force rebuild with no cache
./run-task.sh --build --mcp notion --models o3 --exp-name test --tasks all
```

### PostgreSQL Connection Issues
```bash
# Check if postgres is running
docker ps | grep postgres

# View postgres logs
docker logs mcp-postgres-task
```

### Cleanup Stuck Resources
```bash
# Stop all containers
docker stop $(docker ps -q)

# Remove task network
docker network rm mcp-task-network

# Remove postgres data volume (careful!)
docker volume rm mcp-postgres-data
```

## Environment Variables

Create `.mcp_env` file with your credentials:
```env
# Service credentials
SOURCE_NOTION_API_KEY=your-key
EVAL_NOTION_API_KEY=your-key
GITHUB_TOKEN=your-token
POSTGRES_PASSWORD=your-password

# Model API keys
OPENAI_API_KEY=your-key
ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=your-key
# ... etc
```

## Docker Compose Files

- `docker-compose.yml` - Full stack with postgres (for development/testing)

## Notes

- Results are saved to `./results/<exp-name>/`
- Each task runs in an ephemeral container
- Docker image is shared across all tasks
- PostgreSQL data persists in Docker volume

Commit message:

refactor: rename MCP Arena to MCPMark across codebase (#63)

DOCKER_USAGE.md, after:

# Docker Task Runner Usage Guide

## Overview

The MCPMark Docker setup provides a simple way to run evaluation tasks in isolated containers. PostgreSQL is automatically handled when needed.

## Quick Start

### 1. Docker Image

The official Docker image is automatically pulled from Docker Hub on first use.
The image is hosted at: https://hub.docker.com/r/evalsysorg/mcpmark

**Image Management:**
- The scripts automatically download the image when it's not found locally
- To manually update to the latest version:
  ```bash
  docker pull evalsysorg/mcpmark:latest
  ```
- For local development/testing, you can build your own:
  ```bash
  ./build-docker.sh  # Creates evalsysorg/mcpmark:latest locally
  ```

### 2. Running Full Benchmarks

Use the `run-benchmark.sh` script to evaluate models across all MCP services:

```bash
# Run all services with Docker (recommended)
./run-benchmark.sh --models o3,gpt-4.1 --exp-name benchmark-1 --docker

# Run specific services
./run-benchmark.sh --models o3 --exp-name test-1 --mcps filesystem,postgres --docker

# Run with parallel execution for faster results
./run-benchmark.sh --models claude-4 --exp-name parallel-test --docker --parallel

# Run locally without Docker
./run-benchmark.sh --models gpt-4o --exp-name local-bench --mcps notion,github
```

The benchmark script:
- Runs all or selected MCP services automatically
- Provides colored progress tracking and timing
- Generates summary reports and logs
- Supports parallel service execution
- Continues running even if some services fail
- Automatically generates performance dashboards

### 3. Running Individual Services

The `run-task.sh` script simplifies Docker usage:

```bash
# Run filesystem tasks (by default)
./run-task.sh --models gpt-5.1-mini

# Run notion tasks with specific folder
./run-task.sh --mcp notion --models o3 --exp-name online_resume

# Run postgres tasks (automatically starts postgres)
./run-task.sh --mcp postgres --models gpt-4.1 --exp-name employees

# Run specific GitHub task
./run-task.sh --mcp github --models claude-4 --exp-name gh-test --tasks harmony/fix_conflict

# The script passes all arguments to the pipeline
./run-task.sh --mcp playwright --models o3 --exp-name web-test --tasks web_search --timeout 600
```

### Manual Docker Commands

If you prefer manual control:

#### For Non-Postgres Services
```bash
# Build the image first
./build-docker.sh

# Run a task
docker run --rm \
  -v $(pwd)/results:/app/results \
  -v $(pwd)/.mcp_env:/app/.mcp_env:ro \
  -v $(pwd)/notion_state.json:/app/notion_state.json:ro \
  evalsysorg/mcpmark:latest \
  python3 -m pipeline --mcp notion --models o3 --exp-name test --tasks all
```

#### For Postgres Service
```bash
# The run-task.sh script handles postgres automatically, but if doing manually:

# Start postgres container
docker run -d \
  --name mcp-postgres \
  --network mcp-network \
  -e POSTGRES_DATABASE=postgres \
  -e POSTGRES_USER=postgres \
  -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=123456 \
  ghcr.io/cloudnative-pg/postgresql:17-bookworm

# Run postgres task
docker run --rm \
  --network mcp-network \
  -e POSTGRES_HOST=mcp-postgres \
  -v $(pwd)/results:/app/results \
  -v $(pwd)/.mcp_env:/app/.mcp_env:ro \
  evalsysorg/mcpmark:latest \
  python3 -m pipeline --mcp postgres --models o3 --exp-name pg-test --tasks all

# Stop and remove postgres when done
docker stop mcp-postgres && docker rm mcp-postgres
```

## Available Services

| Service | Requires Postgres | Description |
|---------|------------------|-------------|
| notion | No | Notion workspace tasks |
| github | No | GitHub repository tasks |
| filesystem | No | File system operations |
| playwright | No | Web automation tasks |
| postgres | Yes | PostgreSQL database tasks |

## Script Usage

### Benchmark Runner (`run-benchmark.sh`)

```
./run-benchmark.sh --models MODELS --exp-name NAME [OPTIONS]

Required Options:
    --models MODELS      Comma-separated list of models to evaluate
    --exp-name NAME     Experiment name for organizing results

Optional Options:
    --docker            Run tasks in Docker containers (recommended)
    --mcps SERVICES Comma-separated list of services to test
                        Default: filesystem,notion,github,postgres,playwright
    --parallel          Run services in parallel (experimental)
    --timeout SECONDS   Timeout per task in seconds (default: 300)
```

### Individual Task Runner (`run-task.sh`)

```
./run-task.sh [--mcp SERVICE] [PIPELINE_ARGS]

Options:
    --mcp SERVICE    MCP service (notion|github|filesystem|playwright|postgres)
                        Default: notion

All other arguments are passed directly to the pipeline command.

Pipeline arguments (see python3 -m pipeline --help):
    --models MODELS     Comma-separated list of models (required)
    --tasks TASKS       Tasks to run: "all", category, or "category/task"
    --exp-name NAME     Experiment name for results (required)
    --timeout SECONDS   Timeout per task in seconds
```

## Benefits

1. **Efficiency**: Only starts necessary containers
2. **Isolation**: Each task runs in a fresh container
3. **Resource Management**: Automatic cleanup of containers and networks
4. **Smart Dependencies**: PostgreSQL only starts for postgres service
5. **Parallel Support**: Can run multiple services simultaneously for faster benchmarks
6. **Comprehensive Testing**: Benchmark script runs all services with one command
7. **Progress Tracking**: Colored output with timing and status information
8. **Automatic Reporting**: Generates summary reports and performance dashboards

## Troubleshooting

### Permission Issues
```bash
chmod +x run-task.sh
```

### Docker Build Issues
```bash
# Force rebuild with no cache
./run-task.sh --build --mcp notion --models o3 --exp-name test --tasks all
```

### PostgreSQL Connection Issues
```bash
# Check if postgres is running
docker ps | grep postgres

# View postgres logs
docker logs mcp-postgres-task
```

### Cleanup Stuck Resources
```bash
# Stop all containers
docker stop $(docker ps -q)

# Remove task network
docker network rm mcp-task-network

# Remove postgres data volume (careful!)
docker volume rm mcp-postgres-data
```

## Environment Variables

Create `.mcp_env` file with your credentials:
```env
# Service credentials
SOURCE_NOTION_API_KEY=your-key
EVAL_NOTION_API_KEY=your-key
GITHUB_TOKEN=your-token
POSTGRES_PASSWORD=your-password

# Model API keys
OPENAI_API_KEY=your-key
ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=your-key
# ... etc
```

## Docker Compose Files

- `docker-compose.yml` - Full stack with postgres (for development/testing)

## Notes

- Results are saved to `./results/<exp-name>/`
- Each task runs in an ephemeral container
- Docker image is shared across all tasks
- PostgreSQL data persists in Docker volume
